Make getting started documentation beginner friendly (#519)
iron-fish/website: content/get-started/get-started.mdx

---
title: Getting Started

> seo-title: Getting Started

Reviewer: I think we used the past tense `get started` everywhere, wondering if we should be consistent?

Author: It looks like we mix the tenses. We should choose one or the other, what do you recommend?

 - Running a node / Run a node
 - Getting started / Get started
 - Setting up an account / Set up an account
 - Transacting / Transactions

Reviewer: I like running more than run. 

Instead of transactions I like Sending Transactions

Author: I actually decided to use Get Started because all of our navigation is already in that tense. It's better to be consistent and negotiate a larger change later.

---

Iron Fish is cryptocurrency that allows for safe, secure, and private transactions.

> This guide is intended for crypto novices to understand what Iron Fish is and how they can get started using it. If you want to skip directly to installing and running Iron Fish, you can [install a node](/use/get-started/installation) now.

Reviewer: `For people new to crypto` instead of `crypto novice` ?

Author: changed

The currency symbol for Iron Fish is $IRON. This is compared to United States Dollar (USD), Chinese Yuan (CNY), or Russian Ruble (RUB).

### Why use $IRON?

Currencies like $IRON promote decentralization by creating a global ledger that no single person can modify. When you run Iron Fish, you help keep this ledger secure by checking that transactions are following the balances in the ledger. By running Iron Fish, you help keep your and your communities coins secure.

> The advantage of $IRON is that it's fundamentally private. Other people cannot see the amount sent, or the recipient without your permission. That's thanks to technology called Zero Knowledge Proofs. This is different from Bit Coin which is fundamentally public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using $IRON is that it is fundamentally private. Other people cannot see the amount sent, or the recipient without your permission. This privacy is enabled by [Zero Knowledge Proofs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT88s7_VtC8&t=380s&ab_channel=ETHGlobal). This is different from Bitcoin which is fundamentally public.
```

### How can I use $IRON?

> There are three way Fish network. Choosing which one is the right solution for you depends on your goals and technical skill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to use the IronFish network. Choosing which one is the right solution for you depends on your goals and technical skill.
```

#### Wallets

> Wallets are a simple easy to use way to send and recieve $IRON.
> 
> They allow you to send and recieve coins. When you use a wallet, other Iron Fish users will validate your transactions before they are added to the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets are a simple easy to use way to send and recieve $IRON and other assets. When you use a wallet, other Iron Fish users will validate your transactions before they are added to the ledger.
```

Author: I don't think we should mention assets yet here. People will say, wait I thought I send coins, what is an asset?

[Download a supported wallet.](use/ecosystem?category=wallets)

#### Mining Blocks

> Mining means taking transactions, and adding them to blocks. When mining is done by many different people all over the world, it's one of the main ways Iron Fish remains decentralized and secure. Miners can receive receive $IRON as a reward.

Reviewer: More opinionated suggestion: 

```suggestion
Mining plays a pivotal role because it ensures Iron Fish's decentralization and security. When people from various locations engage in mining, it prevents any single entity from gaining too much control and safeguards the system against potential attacks or manipulation. In essence, mining helps distribute power and maintain the integrity of Iron Fish.
```

Author: Words like pivotol are not normal english words. They are technical words that are not in peoples vernacular.

Author: I think reading this, it just sounds too technical too me and written by an engineer. Can someone with english as a second language that's starting out really understand this? Can non technical people understand this?

Reviewer: Got it

[See a list of supported miners.](/use/get-started/mining)

#### Running a Node

Running a node is an important way to contribute to the network. Like a wallet, running a node allows you to send and receive $IRON. Your node will also help validate other peoples transactions to make sure they are obeying the rules that govern all transactions. The more people that are watching to ensure transactions are following the rules, the more secure the network.

 - Censorship Resistent - A node helps people in your country securely send $IRON by providing a censorship resistent relay.
 - Privacy - This allows you to send transactions privately through your own access point rather than someone elses access point.
 - Protect Everyones Coins - Many attacks on cryptocurrencies require the attacker to provision many different machines and out number the good actors. If you run a node you're joining a team of good guys that all work together to out number the bad guys.

>  - Participate - Your node will validate and cast a vote on every single transaction that enters the network. You can help filter our malicious transactions for everyone and yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Participate - Your node will validate and cast a vote on every single transaction that enters the network. You can help filter out malicious transactions for everyone and yourself.
```

> [Install the node.](/use/get-started/installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Install a node.](/use/get-started/installation)
```

I made this change because the above is `Download a supported wallet.`
